README.md, before:

# The assessment mapping plugin
This plugin shows users and teachers a visual display of course modules indicating when they are due
and how much of the overall course grade they are worth

You can use this to identify student workload, highlight to students their upcoming assessments and
their value (indicating how much time they might want to spend on it). It can also be used by teachers,
to decide where to schedule their own assessments in comparison to other courses that might make up a
related degree, such that you avoid overwhelming a student with work.

## Some caveats to be aware of
- This plugin reveals total grade value and structure of courses to all logged in users, so do not use if you wish to keep info like this private
- A user with the appropriate permission can select any set of courses and display them, irregardless of if they could normally see it in Moodle or not

## Supported versions
This plugin has been tested against moodle 3.7 and 3.8 only currently, with more to come.

Commit message:

Update readme with attributions
Adds logos as well, and cleans up some of the wording around caveats

README.md, after:

# The assessment mapping plugin
This plugin shows users and teachers a visual display of course modules indicating when they are due
and how much of the overall course grade they are worth

You can use this to identify student workload, highlight to students their upcoming assessments and
their value (indicating how much time they might want to spend on it). It can also be used by teachers,
to decide where to schedule their own assessments in comparison to other courses that might make up a
related degree, such that you avoid overwhelming a student with work.

## Some caveats to be aware of
- This plugin reveals to users the percentage of the overall grade value for every course module, and the names of those modules, even if they can't normally see these in the course itself
- A user with the appropriate permission can select any set of courses and display the course modules, even if they couldn't normally view the course itself.

If your use case requires that some course modules be invisible to the user, get in touch and we can discuss extending the feature set to support your use cases.

The plugin currently only supports courses with the following grade weighting types
- Natural
- Weighted Mean


## Supported versions
This plugin has been tested against moodle 3.7 and 3.8 only currently, but will be tested against 3.7 and up very soon

This plugin is stil going through the Moodle core plugin review process, so some changes may still be coming.

Crafted by Catalyst IT
----------------------
This plugin was developed by [Catalyst IT Ltd](https://www.catalyst.net.nz) for the [University of Waikato](https://www.waikato.ac.nz) and they have kindly agreed to release it for all to use.
![Catalyst IT](/pix/catalyst-logo.png?raw=true)
![Waikato University](/pix/waikato-logo.png?raw=true)
